## **3. Form Question Descriptions**

### **Section 1. General Information**

**A. Researcher Name:** Name of the researcher inputting the dataset in Read the Doc

**B. Project Name:** Choose the name of the project the researcher is using the dataset for.

**C. Dataset Name:** Name of the dataset created by the publisher. Ensure that your dataset name is agnostic to your project name, to ensure that it can be distinguishable from the project names.

**D. Description:** Indicate what the dataset is and why the dataset is used for the specified project. Indicate any provinces, states, or municipalities the dataset includes if applicable.

**E. Version:** Version of the dataset if applicable.

**F. Private or Public:** Indicate whether the dataset is publicly available or if it is private and requires special requests to access.

### **Section 2. Spatial and Temporal Information**

**G. Region:** Indicate the lowest regional level available within the dataset. Region levels are described as World > Continent > Country.

**H. Time Horizon:** Indicate the dataset timespan from the beginning of the acquired data and to the last available data point. Only year is required to be entered. If the dataset is continuously updating, add the time of the first available data point and present in the to side. If the dataset does not include a time horizon, write when the dataset was created.

**I. Spatial resolution:** If land size is included in the dataset, include the spatial resolution within the specified ranges. Ranges are in km2. If land size is in other formats, convert to km2.

**J. Temporal Resolution:** If temporal resolution is included in the dataset include the resolution(s) included within the data.

### **Section 3. Using the dataset**

**K. Link to Access:** Include the access links or methodology for how to access the datasets, as well as any requirements or contacts to access and use the dataset.

**L. Citation Requirements:** Write down any publisher specified citation requirements.

**M. Licensing:** Write down which licensing the dataset is under.

**N. Additional Information:** Indicate any additional information not included here that can be useful for the use of this dataset.

**O.  Tag list Descriptions:** The following are the standardised tag lists and a check mark on the drop down list can be used for any and/or all items on the list.

**Tag list Headers:**

Sector: The business sector which the datasets relate to

Uses: What is the subject use of the dataset

Subject focus (subject): Which subject matter does the dataset address

Data Type (dtype): What type of data is included in the dataset

Resource Carrier (ReCar): The method of which a use is implemented through
 

| Sector         | Uses           | Subject       | Dtype      | ReCar            |
| -------------- | -------------- | ------------- | ---------- | ---------------- |
| Agriculture    | Demand         | Economic      | Geospatial | Biomass          |
| Commercial     | Generation     | Environment   | Tabular    | Electricity      |
| Industrial     | Infrastructure | Social        | Timeseries | Emissions        |
| Power          | Storage        | Technical     |            | Gas              |
| Residential    | Transmission   |               |            | Geothermal       |
| Transportation |                |               |            | Heating/Cooling  |
|                |                |               |            | Hydro            |
|                |                |               |            | Hydrogen         |
|                |                |               |            | Land             |
|                |                |               |            | Nuclear          |
|                |                |               |            | Oil              |
|                |                |               |            | Solar            |
|                |                |               |            | Temperature      |
|                |                |               |            | Waste            |
|                |                |               |            | Water            |
|                |                |               |            | Wind             |